Clarify measurement result-id (#388)
ietf-rats-wg/eat: draft-ietf-rats-eat.md

Note that this claim is not for reporting the overall result of a verifier.
It is solely for reporting the result of comparison to reference values.

> An individual measurement result (individual-result) is an array of two, an identifier of the measurement (result-id) and an enumerated type that is the result (result).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An individual measurement result (individual-result) is an array consisting of two elements, an identifier of the measurement (result-id) and an enumerated type of the result (result).
```

> Different measurement systems will measure different things and perhaps measure the same thing in different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different measurement systems may measure different Target Environments, or perhaps measure the same Target Environment differently.
```

Author: While the target of an attestation is a target environment, the target of a measurement system here is not necessary a target environment. This is for use in many other contexts than measured boot or measurements in the TCG sense.

> It is up to each measurement system to define identifiers (result-id) for the measurements it reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is up to each Attesting Environment to define the measurement identifiers (result-id) for the measurements it reports.
```

Author: Same comment as above. What is a measurement system is very open-ended here.
